# MongoDB Kubernetes Operator 0.6.0
## Kubernetes Operator

* Breaking Changes
  * A new VolumeClaimTemplate has been added `logs-volume`. When you deploy the operator, if there is an existing StatefulSet the operator will attempt to perform an invalid update. The existing StatefulSet must be deleted before upgrading the operator.
  
  * The user of the mongod and mongodb-agent containers has changed. This means that there will be permissions
    issues when upgrading from an earlier version of the operator. In order to update the permissions in the volume, you can use an init container.

* Upgrade instructions

  Remove the current operator deployment
  -  `kubectl delete deployment <operator-deployment>`
  Delete the existing StatefulSet for the MongoDBCommunity resource
  Note: to ensure existing data is not lost, ensure that the retain policy of your Persistent Volumes is configured correctly. 
  -   `kubectl delete statefulset <mdb-resource-name>`
  Install the new operator
  - follow the regular [installation instruction](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes-operator/blob/master/docs/install-upgrade.md)
  Patch the StatefulSet once it has been created. This will add an init container that will update the permissions of the existing volume.
  - `kubectl patch statefulset <sts-name> --type='json' --patch '[ {"op":"add","path":"/spec/template/spec/initContainers/-", "value": { "name": "change-data-dir-permissions", "image": "busybox", "command": [ "chown", "-R", "2000", "/data" ], "securityContext": { "runAsNonRoot": false, "runAsUser": 0, "runAsGroup":0 }, "volumeMounts": [ { "mountPath": "/data", "name" : "data-volume" } ] } } ]'`
   
* Bug fixes
  * Fixes an issue that prevented the agents from reaching goal state when upgrading minor version of MongoDB.

 ## Updated Image Tags
 * mongodb-kubernetes-operator:0.6.0
 * mongodb-agent:0.29.0.6830-1
 * mongodb-kubernetes-readinessprobe:1.0.3
